index.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/VikasManohar/go-grpc-setup/edit/gh-pages/index.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/VikasManohar/go-grpc-setup/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://support.github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

Updated with steps to install and setup go, grpc, protobuf

index.md, after:

## Steps to setup go and grpc

- Setup Go:
1. Download and install [golang](https://golang.org/doc/install)
2. run `go version` command in terminal to verify the installation.
3. Confirm that the command prints the installed version of Go.

- Setup Protoc:
1. [Download the windows archive](https://github.com/google/protobuf/releases)
2. Create a folder called _Proto3_ in _C_ Drive and extract the zip file into the folder.

Your directory structure should now be:
```markdown
C:\proto3\bin 
C:\proto3\include
```

- Setup grpc for Go [Go grpc github](https://github.com/grpc/grpc-go)

With Go module support (Go 1.11+), simply add the following import
`import "google.golang.org/grpc"`
to your code, and then `go [build|run|test]` will automatically fetch the necessary dependencies.

Otherwise, to install the grpc-go package, run the following command:

`$ go get -u google.golang.org/grpc`

- Setup protobuf [Protobuf github](https://github.com/golang/protobuf)

Old way: `$ go get -u github.com/golang/protobuf/protoc-gen-go`

New way: `$ go get -u google.golang.org/protobuf`
